I'm Soumik Chatterjee. I'm a Chief of Staff,
but here's what makes me different. Most Chief of Staff professionals coordinate.
I operate on top of that. My edge is turning any business function into AI automation systems,
not just running them.
So along with running day-to-day activities,
I would want to automate any manual process or business function as well.
That's my idea, that gives me a lot of thrill.
You give me a real operational pain point,
and I will ship a working tool for it in under 24 hours.
In the last few weeks alone, I have shipped more than six
AI-native tools, solo end-to-end. All live right now
at cosmik.work. That's C-O-S-M-I-K,
that's my portfolio website. Feel free to visit that anytime.
Before that, I ran 9 parallel B2B pipelines as Chief of Staff
to a founder in Toronto, generating $1.47M+ in a
prospect pipeline across more than 2,000 contacts,
all done using AI and tools which I have found suitable
for those pipelines.
If you're looking for a Chief of Staff who not only manages your day-to-day activities
but also reduces your manual overhead or mental bandwidth,
or maximizes your bandwidth along with that.
If you're looking for someone who ships products well and is extremely fluid
in AI, I'm the right person for that role. Hold on—
I'm based in Kolkata, India, but I am extremely comfortable
working remote. I've been doing that even before the pandemic,
and I'm available to start immediately. If you just need an automation problem solved,
though, and not a full-time hire, I can also take on focused
engagements which I can complete in max 30 to 45 days.
On my portfolio website, I have
mentioned details about that as well. So feel free to check out my...
website and let's talk. Also, before I finish this video,
you will find my LinkedIn and GitHub links there as well.
Don't hesitate to reach out if you have any questions,
or if you'd like to talk, just have a general discussion. You can also email me
at my name, that's soumik@cosmik.work.
Thank you.
Let me know in the comments.